Metadata-Version: 1.1
Name: Polygon3
Version: 3.0.8
Summary: Polygon3 is a Python-3 package that handles polygonal shapes in 2D
Home-page: http://www.j-raedler.de/projects/polygon
Author: Joerg Raedler
Author-email: joerg@j-raedler.de
License: LGPL for Polygon, other for gpc
Description: THIS VERSION WORKS WITH PYTHON-3.x ONLY!
        
        Polygon is a python package that handles polygonal shapes in 2D. It contains 
        Python bindings for gpc, the excellent General Polygon Clipping Library by 
        Alan Murta and some extensions written in C and pure Python. With Polygon you 
        may handle complex polygonal shapes in Python in a very intuitive way. Polygons 
        are simple Python objects, clipping operations are bound to standard operators 
        like +, -, \|, & and ^. TriStrips can be constructed from Polygons with a 
        single statement. Functions to compute the area, center point, convex hull,
        point containment and much more are included. This package was already used to
        process shapes with more than one million points!
        
        The gpc homepage is located at http://www.cs.man.ac.uk/~toby/alan/software/ .
        
        The wrapping and extension code is free software, but the core gpc library is
        free for non-commercial usage only. The author says:
        
            GPC is free for non-commercial use only. We invite non-commercial users 
            to make a voluntary donation towards the upkeep of GPC.
            
            If you wish to use GPC in support of a commercial product, you must obtain 
            an official GPC Commercial Use Licence from The University of Manchester.
        
        Please respect this statement and contact the author (see gpc homepage) if you
        wish to use this software in commercial projects!
        
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Development Status :: 5 - Production/Stable
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Science/Research
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: GNU Library or Lesser General Public License (LGPL)
Classifier: License :: Other/Proprietary License
Classifier: Programming Language :: C
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.0
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.1
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.2
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.3
Classifier: Operating System :: POSIX :: Linux
Classifier: Operating System :: Microsoft :: Windows
Classifier: Operating System :: MacOS :: MacOS X
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering :: Mathematics
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering :: Visualization
